Adding basic pivot grid topic. (#3111)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/pivotGrid/pivot-grid-features.md

---
title: Angular Pivot Grid Features | Pivot Tables | Infragistics
_description: Create fast, responsive Angular pivot grids and tables with Ignite UI for Angular. Perform complex data analysis via pivot data.
_keywords: angular pivot grid, angular material pivot table, ignite ui for angular, pivot grid features, pivot features
---

# Angular Pivot Grid Features

> The `IgxPivotGridComponent` inherits the `IgxGridBaseDirective` and as such inherits some of its functionality and features.

Reviewer: Customers don't know what the `IgxGridBaseDirective` is

> The `IgxPivotGridComponent` inherits the `IgxGridBaseDirective` and as such inherits some of its functionality and features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pivot and flat grid component classes inherit from a common base and thus share some functionality and features.
```

## Interactions

### Keyboard navigation

Keyboard navigation in `IgxPivotGrid` works similarly to the one in `IgxGrid`. The pivot grid is split into three areas - `rows`, `columns`, `values`. The areas for `rows` and `columns` are considered headers for the purposes of navigation while the area for `values` is the body.
The keyboard arrows allow navigating the active element within the current area only.

### Dimensions drag & drop
The dimensions are represented by chips, which can be dragged & dropped.
All chips can change their order within their area by drag & drop.
The chips from `rows`, `column`, `filter`(dimension chips) can be moved from any of those areas to any other and at any place.
Chips from these areas can not be moved to the `values` area and chips from the `values` area can not be moved to any of the dimension areas.

>[!NOTE]
>The chips from the Pivot Grid can not be moved to the Pivot Data Selector and items from the Pivot Data Selector can not be moved to the Pivot Grid.

> 

Reviewer: You should add the suffix part of the topics - the API Ref, Additional Resources (e.g. the other two topics, but maybe there are other relevant ones too) and the Community links

Reviewer 2: added
